feat: add Docker-based cleanup v2 service with cron job (#249)
DayMarket/infra-docker: images/runner-docker-cleanup/v2/README.md

# Dockerfile that makes docker prune on runner with container definition

> Docker container that runs cronjob with `docker system prune -f` at `0 2 * * 0`(at 02:00 on Sunday).

Author: ```suggestion
Docker container that runs cronjob with `docker system prune -f` at `30 1 1,15 * * /usr/scheduler/cleanup.sh`.
```
